README.md, before:

# Awesome APIs

A curated list of awesome API resources.

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list.

## API Generators

## API Documentation Tools

## API Testing Clients

* [Bruno](https://www.usebruno.com/): OSS version available, additional features available for small one-time payment.
* [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/): Free and subscription versions available.
* [Postman](https://www.postman.com/): The OG API client. Free version available in addition to subscription options.

## API Client Library Generator

* [OpenAPI Generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator): Supports API client generation using an incredible number of languages, including PHP, Ruby, Python, PowerShell, Rust, and many others.

## JSON Viewers and Manipulators

* [JSON Crack](https://jsoncrack.com/) - Visualize JSON strings.
* [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/) - Command-line JSON processor. Like sed, but for JSON.
* [CSV2JSON](https://csvjson.com/) - Title says it all.

Commit message:

Added great documentation examples section

README.md, after:

# Awesome APIs

A curated list of awesome API resources.

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list.

## API Generators

## API Documentation

### Great API Documentation Examples

* [Stripe](https://docs.stripe.com/): The pinnacle of API documentation.
* [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/docs): Another amazing set of documentation.

## API Testing Clients

* [Bruno](https://www.usebruno.com/): OSS version available, additional features available for small one-time payment.
* [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/): Free and subscription versions available.
* [Postman](https://www.postman.com/): The OG API client. Free version available in addition to subscription options.

## API Client Library Generator

* [OpenAPI Generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator): Supports API client generation using an incredible number of languages, including PHP, Ruby, Python, PowerShell, Rust, and many others.

## JSON Viewers and Manipulators

* [JSON Crack](https://jsoncrack.com/) - Visualize JSON strings.
* [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/) - Command-line JSON processor. Like sed, but for JSON.
* [CSV2JSON](https://csvjson.com/) - Title says it all.
